---
layout: post
title:  "Introduction part two"
date:   2016-02-23 20:36:58
# categories: Not-quite-technical-writing Introduction About-me
---

Studying Is Hard

So ultimately, I started a BSci out of contrariness. Sounds like a stupid thing, but truthfully it was the best idea I've ever had.
I'm an 'arty' person. Which means all I did up till now was music (and lots of it) and English- written and spoken. A science degree got me into SCIENCE.
Which I honestly never bothered with before. I did it in school but had zero interest. This degree was where I began to learn (formally) about critical
 thinking, science and medical writing and a whole new world opened up.

 I also began to learn... MATHS. Statistics was an integral part of my degree and I hated it. It was SO HARD. Suffice to say, I prevailed in the end.
While this was going on, I continued to work in both insurance and mental health- a weird combo I imagine you thinking. But that helped me to find my
first role once I graduated.... Insurance again. Sigh. Medical and surgical this time (Thanks, science degree!). I'm never going to be a technical writer am I?

Not true. After about a year here, I hated working in a call centre so much, I quit the job for a three month contract as a technical writer. It was
exactly three months at SIMTICS sadly- they hoped for an extension but the funding for the extended module fell through. But I had found my calling.

I spent 6 months unemployed after that, searching for another technical writing contract. My next role was Booktrack, as creative director.
When I took the job there, I made them write into the contract that I would get to do their technical writing as well, as it was a field I was hoping
to get into. Unfortunately, not long after our official launch the entire Auckland development team was made redundant. As I had just been dumped by my
long term partner AND had my parked car written off by a drunk driver, I decided to jump the ditch to Australia to see what was going on over there.

Next up, Australia Has More Technical Writers: A Blessing and a Curse
   
